We will look at some Python that we need:

**Variables** and **Assignment** - We must have the variable on the left – and the assignment of the variable on the right, e.g. x = 3. Will not work the other way around.

***

## Data Types

>**Integers** (ints) – whole numbers

>**Floating point numbers** (floats) – a number with a decimal point

There are also operations that we can perform in these forms of data, e.g. – ( + , - , // , / , * , & etc.)

Note : 3 and 3.0 are different – the former is an integer, the latter is a float

> **Booleans** – True, False      they are NOT true, “true”, “True”
<ul><li>The first letter must be a capital.</li>
<li>It cannot be found in a string</li></ul>

> **Strings** – sequences of characters , enclosed in quotes
<ul><li>Strings must be contained all within one line, we cannot contain a string over multiple lines. To solves this problem we can have three quotes at the start and at the end of a string.</li></ul>

Operations: on strings e.g. concatenation – sticking a string at the end of another string, will be done through “+”.

We cannot concatenate a string with another data type – we can solve this problem by assigning the other type of data to a string, e.g. str(..data..).  This can be done for other types of data as-well.

***



## Collections of Data

> **Lists** – sequences of data enclosed in square brackets
<ul><li> Operations on lists: we can add the contents of multiple lists into one list using “+”.</li> <li> 
Indexing – by position. They start at zero</li></ul>


>**Dictionaries** – collection of key-value pairs, enclosed in {}.
<ul><li>The first item in a key-value pair is a key, the second is called a value. The key will usually be a string.</li>
<li>Indexing, by key – we would change the value of a pair by saying,</li>
	<code>dictionary_name[“key”] = new_value</code></ul>

---

### Functions

Note: Duplication of code is bad. It results in lost marks, especially in JavaScript. We can fix this using functions.

---

### Modules 

Separate file of functions (and other stuff)

To call a python file from another file, we will us “from”. We don’t not need to include the .py. If we only want to call a particular file, we will say
	<code>from file_name import function_name.</code>

- Modules can be written by you
- Some modules came “for free” with python
- Some modules you install seperately