Make sure you are in the right directory.
Into the return, inside """ """ we can have a html webpage.

If we want to add a user taken input into a string, we would put a "%s" inside the string where we want to add the input, and after the string, we will have a % variable, the input we add into the string.

**We must add all our html files into a folder called templates.**

To keep a html and python file seperate, we will keep out html files in the template folder. At the start of our code we will then have to add the follwing - render_template

Now, in the return of a function we will be able to use the function render_template(file_name).

The file may contain a gap "%s" - found between two pairs of these {} like so {{}}. To fill in the gap we can add into the render_template(file_name, s=something) - we must have the name of the gap on the left. We dont need to invent a special name for the gap. We can just call it "name".

This may seem like a html file, as studied in CS1115 - this is what we call a template. Or more precisely Jinga2 template.

To look something in a dictionary, we will use <code>dictionary_name.get(value)</code>
If what we look is not contained within the dictionary, we can do this - 
<code>dictionary_name.get(value, default_value)</code> - the default value is what will be displayed if what we look is not found within the dictionary.


A lot of code is duplicated in html files - to resolves this we can have all the common code into a file called base.html. Into the place where the code differs we will place the following ;
<code>{% block main_content %}</code>
<code></code>

And into the files we will add into the start of the html files that used to contain duplicated code the following - <code>{% extends "base.html" %}</code>
We must also have the following - <code>{% block main_content %}</code>
<code>{{}}</code>
<code>{% endblock}</code>

We can have if statements inside the ginger templates.