**app.py**
@app.toute("form")
def send_form():
return render_template("form.html")

@app.route("/reponse", methods=["POST"])
def send_reponse():
	given_name = request.form["given_name"] - This works like a dictionary
	family_name = request.form["family_name"]
	return render_template("reponse.html",given_name=given_name, family_name=family_name)

Instead of writing two routes, we will write two routes;
@app.route("/greet_me",methids=["GET","POST])
def greet():
	if request.method == "GET":
		return return render_template("form.html")
	else: # i.e. a POST request:
			family_name = request.form["family_name"]
			return render_template("reponse.html",given_name=given_name, family_name=family_name)

In this method we can keep action blank - as when keeping blank, the data will be sent back to where it came from.

---
reponse.html
<p>Hello, {{given_name}} {{family_name}}</p>

____
**form.html**
<form>
<label for="name">Given name</label>
<input  type="text" name="given_name"/>
<br/>
<label for="name">Family name</label>
<input  type="text" name="family_name"/>
</form>
- **input** - will usually take the following; type, name - can also take more
- name - should be meaningful
- size - only relates to how big it appears on the scream - has no impact how many characters fit in it
- maxlength - can be used to control the maximum characters the user can input
- value - a default 'pre-populated' value that can come up in the box - this value can be deleted.
- id - anything but should be unique
- to submit a form, we can have another input with "submit" in the type

**label** <label for="name">name</label>
_______
**Notes**
**Controls** - 

We must specify how and where this data (from the form) will be sent.
How - we will place inside <form> the tag method:
-  method="GET" - when using get, data is sent as part of the URL - this is "?query" part of the URL that we studied in WD1. "GET" is the default. So we can exclude "GET" if this is the method we want to use.
- method="POST"

**Get vs Post
When to use each; for short forms, use get.

Flask programmers pretty much always use POST.

Where - we will also place inside <form> the tag action:
- the URL will be placed inside here.
